All StoryNodes can have Bonds to them. All Characters, including NPCs, can have Bonds. It's important to track every Character's Bonds to every StoryNode, because this builds out information networks. 

StoryNodes can be assigned to Stages. A Stage is set of StoryNodes, and represents someplace that can have conflict for control of another StoryNode. A Stage can represent either physical or metaphorical space. For example, in a BitD setting, each District of Duskwall might have a Stage associated with it. On this Stage, every StoryNode that is within the District appears, so this might include things like local gangs, businesses, churches, turf, important strategic locations like bridges, or many other forms. Every Stage has Actors on it, who are the people/groups/entites that are vying to control the Stage and competing to control/influence/gain the benefit of each StoryNode on that Stage. In BitD, the Actors on a particular district's Stage may be rival crews, Bluecoats, secret societies, etc that has an interest in controlling the district. They very often are themselves a StoryNode on the Stage, but this is not always the case. 

StoryNodes can have Neighbors. These can be literal, in the case of physical location StoryNodes, or they can be metaphorical, forming communities. Neighbors are when StoryNodes are directly connected to each other, and might represent similar location in physical space, similar social circles, different groups under the same umbrella, or other systems of closeness in somes sort of sense. StoryNodes Neighbors are always within the context of a Stage. So the data structure examining the Neighbors of a StoryNode would be a key value pair with the key being a Stage the StoryNode appears on, and the value being a dictionary object of other StoryNodes also on the same Stage. If we visualized the structure of a Stage in a node network display, each Neighbor would be the StoryNodes that are connected to this one.

Narrative Expansion Rate - This is a setting at the campaign level which is basically "What percentage of the time should we generate a new StoryNode when creating the Bonds of a non player Character versus connecting to an existing entity?" For example, let's say we are making Bob the Merchant. Bob has four Bonds, and the Narrative Expansion Rate is 25% currently. When the generative system creates the four Bonds, for three of them it will find good candidates out of existing Characters, Locations, and other StoryNodes that Bob might have a connection to, and then for the last one it will generate an entirely new character. This should also be able to be configured to have a ceiling by type. So if there are already 80 Characters in a Campaign, and you go to generate a new random Bond on a Character (new or pre-existing), it'll always select from an eligible available current Character instead of making a new one, unless it is entirely impossible to link to an existing Character.

We should probably organize all this in some sort of hybrid of Entity-Component-Systems architecture and Kubernetes yaml based label/selector structure. All action in the system happans as a result of Actions or Triggers creating Events that apply Rules.

Example:
- The Timeline of the Campaign is currently at 5
- GM creates a new Session, with a Time Now of 7
- There is a Trigger built that defines something like "If there is a Campaign with a Time Now higher than the Timeline of the Campaign, call the Time Passes Rule"
- The Time Passes Rule creates an Event, which increments the Timeline of the Campaign by 1, and then selects every Character and Faction with Projects in progress and increments all of their Project clocks by 1
- The Trigger fires once, creating a Time Passes Event, incrementing the Timeline of the Campaign from 5 to 6 and giving +1 progress to every Project clock
- If any Project clock hits its end as a result of this, this also 
- There is still a Session with a higher Time Now than the Timeline of the Campaign (which is now 6 after the first Time Passes Rule triggered), so the Time Passes Rule is triggered a second time
- This creates a second Time Passes Event, which increments the Timeline of the Campaign from 6 to 7, and gives +1 Progress to 
