# Traits

Traits describe the important things that make something special in the story you are telling. 

They can be personal attributes that describe your personality, physical structure, mental habits, or core background like Strong, Clever, Confident, Observant, Proud, Empath, Hot Headed, Royal Blood, Graceful, Handsome, Calculating, Cautious. They can describe a special training (Scientist, Doctor, Tactician, Swordmaster, etc), party role (Leader, Support, Face, Guardian, etc), career background (Merchant, Smith, Farmer, Academic), or initiatory path (a particular priesthood training, magical tradition, secret martial art school tradition, etc). They could also describe deep bonds to other important things in the game (a character's mentor, lover, family, guild, apprentice). 

Traits are not exclusively on characters, they can also be on any other sort of entity in the game like a Group or Node. They are just useful little bits of description, a note of something that's important to keep track of in the narrative profile of this thing in the system.

Traits always have a name and a description. The name is a short form label referring to the Trait, and the description is a paragraph or so long explanation of what exactly the Trait represents. In addition to these two basic components, some Traits may have other pieces attached, such as Meters measuring progress, power level, uses remaining, or sets of Perks, little bits of crunchy rules describing a new rule that you have access to through such as special moves, passive bonuses, resource spending discounts, or any other ways to modify the rules of the game with a special case. Traits may have both Basic Perks, which anyone with the Trait gets access to just for having that Trait, as well as Advanced Perks, which are a list of upgrade Perks attached to the Trait that a character with that Trait may purchase through character advancement. 

Traits exist in both an abstract and instantiated place in the rules. It is abstract in the sense that there is a list of Traits and every Trait in that list has a data structure describing all potential options that Trait contains. But it is also instantiated in that that there is a particular instance of a Character having a Trait, and that Trait having tracked state of things like the Meters and Perks that the abstract, almost Platonic description of the Trait described it having but did not follow actual state of.
